docs: Update guide to include minimum compute requirement (#505)
NVIDIA-NeMo/RL: docs/guides/grpo-deepscaler.md

uv run examples/convert_dcp_to_hf.py --config=results/grpo-deepscaler-1.5b-8K/step_240/config.yaml --dcp-ckpt-path=results/grpo-deepscaler-1.5b-8K/step_240/policy/weights --hf-ckpt-path=results/grpo-deepscaler-1.5b-8K/step_240/hf
```

> When running the next command, we use the Hugging Face checkpoint as the initial checkpoint. We train with an 8K context window for 240 steps, a 16K context window for 290 steps, and a 24K context window for 50 steps. We run all experiments on a single 8XH100 80GB node. The minimum requirement for training is 8XA100 80GB for 8K training and 8XH100 80GB for 16K and 24K training.

Reviewer: Does 16k/24k have a recommended node count? It's not clear from the change what someone should do if they have A100 (like this user reported https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-RL/issues/456)

So maybe something like this after confirming that it solves the issue in 456
```suggestion
When running the next command, we use the Hugging Face checkpoint as the initial checkpoint. We train with an 8K context window for 240 steps, a 16K context window for 290 steps, and a 24K context window for 50 steps. We run all experiments (8k, 16k, 24k) on a single 8XH100 80GB node. The minimum requirement for training on a 8XA100 80GB is ...
```

Author: I updated it to two 8xA100 nodes for 16K and 24K training.

> When running the next command, we use the Hugging Face checkpoint as the initial checkpoint. We train with an 8K context window for 240 steps, a 16K context window for 290 steps, and a 24K context window for 50 steps. We run all experiments on a single 8XH100 80GB node. The minimum requirement for training on 8XA100 80GB nodes is one node for 8K training and two 8XA100 80GB for 16K and 24K training.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running the next command, we use the Hugging Face checkpoint as the initial checkpoint. We train with an 8K context window for 240 steps, a 16K context window for 290 steps, and a 24K context window for 50 steps. We run all experiments on a single 8XH100 80GB node. If you're running on 8XA100 80GB, you will need at least 1 node for 8K training and 2 nodes for 16-24k training.
```
